[docs] Updating table settings (#42324)
metabase/metabase: docs/questions/sharing/visualizations/table.md

## Rearranging, adding, and removing columns

> Open up the settings for your table and you'll see the Columns tab, which displays all the columns currently being shown in the table. To hide a column, click the eyeball icon.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Open up the settings for your table and you'll see the Columns tab, which displays all the columns currently being shown in the table. To hide a column, click the eye icon.
```

> To manage these columns or any from linked tables, just click **add or remove columns**. Here, you can check the boxes next to the columns you want to show in the **visible section** or uncheck to hide them. To rearrange the order of the columns, simply click and drag any of the columns listed there to rearrange the order in which they appear. Another super easy way to rearrange columns without having to open up the visualization settings is to simply click and drag on a column's heading to move it where you'd like it to go.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To manage these columns, including columns from linked tables, just click **add or remove columns**. Check the boxes next to the columns you want to show in the **visible section**, or uncheck to hide them. 

To rearrange the order of the columns, simply click and drag any of the columns in the sidebar. You can also click on a column's heading in the table and drag the column to another position in the table.
```

Avoid describing tasks as easy (even if you think they are).
